The 48 Hour Expert 

How to Break the Rules & Become an Expert 

Praise for C. Adam MacDonald and The 48 Hour Expert

[Comments]


[Comments]


[Comments]

Penguin Books
[Abstract] 
The 48 Hour Expert
How to Break the Rules & Become an Expert

Corey MacDonald


Penguin Books



PENGUIN BOOKS
Published by Penguin Book Group 
Penguin Books USA Inc., 375 Hudson Street New York, New York 10014, U.S.A.

Copywrite © Corey MacDonald, 2020
All Rights Reserved
 Grateful acknowledgement is made to the following permission to reprint material from:

The Power Unseen





The 48 Hour Expert: How to Break the Rules & Become an Expert / Corey MacDonald
ISBN:
ISBN:
1. Popular works.	2. Self-help




Printed in the United States of America




Except in the United States of America, this book is sold subject to the condition that it shall not, by way of trade or otherwise, be lent, re-sold, hired out, or otherwise circulated without the publisher's prior consent in any form of binding or cover other than that in which it is published and without a similar condition including this condition being imposed on the subsequent purchaser.


To my inquiring readers:

Fuck you and the donkey you rode to town on, now lets get to work.


Contents
Introduction	8
Preface	8
Chapter 1	8
The myth of 10,000 hours	10






Introduction

The 48 Hour Expert™ seeks to guide inquisitive individuals through the methodology that I have developed over the past 10 years, with insight from some of the of the most prodigal experts and learners such as Timothy Ferris and Dan Pena. Unlike other books, which tell you what to know, this book aims to enable you to learn and master any task with blinding speed—this is then coupled with insights that will allow you to show others your new found expertise.   
This book would be incomplete without recognizing the importance and influence of Timothy Ferris’s The 4 Hour Work Week. While Tim outlined many ideas on how one can cut down on hours worked, or how to become an expert cook in record time in The Four Hour Chef, what his writing lacks is the quintessential essence of how someone becomes an expert in any field. While becoming a bona fide expert- which I will define hereafter as someone with PhD level knowledge and experience- may easily take many years (or perhaps decades) of dedicated study and work, becoming an 48 Hour Expert™ is the much quicker, and straight forward path. However, in reading this book, do not expect to become a world renowned expert in Physics, Mathematics, or even English Literature. Instead, the focus of this book is to become
Preface

Chapter 1
If you exist in the world today, which I have the audacity to assume, you might be lucky enough to have a job—and if you do, congratulations! But you also might feel that the figure 1 on the next page seems a but familiar, and too close to comfort. 
Even if you’re not the absolutely bottom person on the totem pole, you have to admit, it often feels as if its impossible to climb this ladder without committing decades to the firm, and getting an expensive degree (if not a Master’s Degree or MBA too). Besides, how did the guys at the top get there in the first place? I’ll tell you one thing- they don’t *all* have degrees from prestigious universities that only accept a few hundred students each year. Of course, some of them have degrees in relevant fields or a decade’s worth of specialize knowledge, which helps. But whats the difference between “The Smart Guy” in your department and you? For what its worth, what’s the difference between the “The Smart Guy”, and the Senior Manager? Why in the world is the guy that knows how to run the machines getting paid a fraction of what the other one does. 

I’ll let you in on a little inside secret: Its not that the guy above you necessarily has more (or better) experience than an





Figure 01
Chapter 1: The 10,000 Hour Myth
If you are reading this, your first thought was something along the lines of: “bullshit, this fucking guy is an idiot”. 
This idiot also graduated from The University of Pennsylvania, has a certificate in Data Science from Harvard, completed the United States Navy’s Nuclear Power School, completed advanced courses from The University of Granada’s Modern Language Program, been an systems implementation expert at a Fortune 10 company, member of the American Nuclear Society,  among many other impressive sounding feats. 
How is this possible? 

The 48 Hour Expert

		Page | 2





